Small edits to style spec (adhere to docs style guide) (#499)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js-docs: docs/pages/style-spec/expressions.md

That is, in layout or paint properties, `["zoom"]` may appear only as the input to an outer [`interpolate`](#interpolate) or [`step`](#step) expression, or such an expression within a [`let`](#let) expression.

There is an important difference between _layout_ and _paint_ properties in the timing of camera expression evaluation:

- _Paint property_ camera expressions are re-evaluated whenever the zoom level changes, even fractionally. For example, a paint property camera expression will be re-evaluated continuously as the map moves between zoom levels 4.1 and 4.6. 
- _Layout property_ camera expressions are evaluated only at integer zoom levels. It will _not_ be re-evaluated as the zoom changes from 4.1 to 4.6 – only if it goes above 5 or below 4.

## Composition

> Any one expression can use a mix of data operators, camera operators, and other operators. Such **composite expressions** allows a layer's appearance to be determined by a combination of the zoom level _and_ individual feature properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single expression can use a mix of data operators, camera operators, and other operators. Such **composite expressions** allows a layer's appearance to be determined by a combination of the zoom level _and_ individual feature properties.
```

IMO "a single" is more clear than "any one" in this context
